Qin always has news about him
Three years of waiting was not in vain
Immediately cancel all meeting arrangements
The plane must arrive in Qinzhou tonight
Ok Mr. Qin
I'll arrange it.
And so forth.
Since I want to meet my fiancé who I have never met
Remember to prepare a big gift for him
Dragon Lord
Chen Beiliu, the deacon of the Dragon Palace, offered a billion-dollar manor
I beg you to go tomorrow
Chen Beiliu Chen Beiliu is the head of the Chen family in Qinzhou
Succeeded to the position of deacon of the Dragon Palace a month ago
Therefore, I know that you live in seclusion in Qinzhou
But I don't know your exact whereabouts
This can't be done
Talk to you later.
Yes this is my last chance to give you
If you are still obsessed
Then I'll take it all back